## 01/22/2023
## 
### Here we are again for Fistful of Mithril! I'm Belledora Ironmaul, Dwarven Battlebard, Ironmaul Heir, and Party Archivist! Belle's mother is visiting with a cadre of the Valkyries of the Deep! How will this go? Let's find out!
### 
### -------
### 
### Torchy: MAYHEM
### Torchy: CHAOS
### Torchy: FIRRRRRRRRE
### 
### Archivist: Torchy, no.
### 
### Torchy: >:C
### 
### -------
### 
### Today we'll be splitting up into some smaller group vignettes to cover the next couple of days after the big battle at the castle with the clockwork abomination.
### 
### -------
### 
## Splendid and Kyrial
### 
### Kyrial is at Splendid's bedside in the hospital. The last thing he remembers is chasing the guys that were off on the side, and he got a fancy crossbow off those guys. He dodged a bolt, stole the weapon, and then got struck hard with another bolt, going down in white hot pain as the poisoned bolt took him down. He distantly heard Belle shouting his name, and his own throbbing heartbeat, and he fell unconscious.
### 
### The next thing he knows, he awakens in darkness with the feel of cold all around him. He feels as though he is deep under cold, cold water. He realizes the beat is not his heart, but the rumble of a deep bass voice saying "TRAITOR. TRAITOR." He swims frantically toward the surface, and finally hits air, gasping for breath. He sees nearby the shore of an unfamiliar lake surrounded by snow-topped mountains. The water begins to jump and dance with the voice, much like the scene with the water in Jurassic Park but scarier. As he pulls himself onto land, the voice rescinds.
### Suddenly the half-orc man who got the power source from him appears from behind a building. "TRAITOR. APOSTATE." A terrfying feminine fae form appears, and the man hands her a small pouch, which she barely acknowledges before turning to Splendid.
### 
### "Ever vengeful, ever near, creeping at the edge of fear
### Thought to run, thought to flee, you can never hide from me. 
### Sisters two from me you stole, now Shadowfey shall claim your soul, 
### Mortals have a price to pay, Sister Mandrake, come to slay"
### 
### And then he wakes up.
### 
### The third hag sister back from October 2020 has been hunting Splendid ever since we killed her sisters.
### 
### Splendid has awakened in the hospital.
### 
### Kyrial: "you'll want to take it a little slow"
### 
### She asks how he's feeling, and he says he's been better.
### 
### Splendid: "Did we win?"
### 
### Kyrial tells him that we were victorious in that battle, but the war is more complicated and uncertain.
### 
### Splendid is now a Cursed Magic Sorceror, instead of a Warlock, because his patron has now rejected him.
### 
### The assassins were killed, but their ringleader got away.
### 
### Kyrial asks, "Have I ever told you my 3 rules of fighting?
### 1) Never get into a fight you can talk your way out of
### 2) If you can't talk your way out of a fight, try not to stand near anyone
### 3) If things look like they're going badly, run away."
### 
### Guillermo Orsini, Mimo to his friends, proprietor of the Twilight Rose, enters the room.
### 
### He explains the poison caused "profound sanguinous fever" (think hemorrhagic fever). He smiles, in a somewhat off-putting way.
### 
### Mimo walks over to Kyrial, discretely asking if she's noticed anything odd about his behavior since he's become conscious again. She says no, and relates what they did discuss, and that he seemed to be having rather a restless dream before he awoke.
### 
### Mimo tells Splendid he's glad to see him awake, and bids him proceed slowly unto broth-sipping and sitting up when he feels up to it. He tells them that he's actually rather fond of Vivian, and tells them he won the bet that she'd last longer than a year when she was instated.
### 
### Kyrial says she has no quarrel with Mimo, since he's done everything she's ever asked.
### 
### Kyrial sends a message to Jian and Alandra that Splendid has awoken.
### 
### New crossbow of Splendid's is +2 light crossbow that does poison once a day.
### 
### -------
### 
## Belle and Knell
### 
### Belle gets a message the next day that a small group from her mother will be coming to speak with her, to exchange information and get on the same page.
### 
### Knell will contact Holden, who will contact Arturo. Keep his eyes and ears open, here's where we're staying, etc.
### 
### Yakob and a couple of his trusted people are who will make contact with Belle. Belle heads to the Mead and Mithril. Mel has shut the place down for the Ironmaul group to use as their base while they're in Delago. Belle gives the secret knock. Mel, Bea, and a couple of their servers are all who is there staff-wise. When Shanreea arrived, Mel throws her arms around her and says she is glad to see her un-stone-d.
### 
### We have a meal, and Belle asks for a temperature check on the tensions in the dwarven quarter. Current status of anti-Ironmaul and anti-Northern dwarves sentiment is that the rumor of the pending party arrival has the local Forgebright clanfolk (also Northern dwarves) on edge. No rumors thus far of the rediscovered mithril mine. The local Forgebrights don't underestand why we're here. Ariha Forgebright is the local authority, the guildmistress of the Allied Craftsmens guild. The head of the clan is in Kreigshold, north, but south of the Ironmauls. Belle asks if we know where the heir of the Forgebright clan is located. Bea is the one who knows more of the locals, and she offers to investigate for Belle.
### 
### Bea does says that the Forgebrights are not thrilled about the encorachment on their territory, and that there were rumors a couple of months back of the resurfacing of the viscountess of Fandalino and her family fortune.
### 
### Note for future: Gustov Forgebright was the tailor who made the dress for Kyrial's meeting with the Margrave.
### 
### Mel eagerly answers the next knock, and a small group of dwarves files in. At the head, Kriegsmagus Yakob Irontree. Short, and with a powerful and charismatic presence. He was one of Belle's first magic tutors. Behind him, a middleaged dwarven woman in battlescarred steel breastplate with long dark gray-streaked hair in many braids, Liselle Stoneshield, and a handful of others. He embraces her, coming up only to her chin, and muses about how many years it's been, and his little girl going off to war, etc etc.
### 
### Liselle and Knell know each other. Belle is surprised, and correctly deduces that Liselle was Knell's, ah, friend, from before.
### 
### They sailed into Istria (Astara, the old Dwarven name), and the pirates let them pass without complaint or bother. Belle wonders if it would be better to ally with those people rather than clear them out. She thinks it's odd that they just let the Ironmauls pass without negotiation.
### 
### We had old ties with the goblins in the area, many centuries ago. The goblins used to work in the mines, well-paid. Yakob says the matriarch wants to negotiate this with the humans, and we do not want to hoard the rediscovery and reopening of the mines for ourselves.
### 
### Belle tells Yakob about finding Thyrsus the Gray, and Shanreea launches into an animated story of this.
### 
### Shanreea recruited Liselle for the Valkyries. Liselle felt that the oath addresses guilt she'd been carrying.
### 
### "I never wanted to abandon you, you know," she says to Knell.
### 
### Knell says, "I never thought you did, but it was a hard time. Lady Belledora saved me."
### 
### Liselle: "I take it that you and Kreesta aren't working together anymore?"
### 
### Knell: "Not since she sold me into slavery."
### 
### Liselle: "Ah, I see."
### 
### Knell: "It does tend to sour a friendship. Yeah, it's all been a lot."
### 
### Liselle asks if Kreesta is imprisoned here.
### 
### Knell says "Near...So much has happened since I met Belle and her friends."
### 
### Liselle: "What's it been, five, ten years?"
### 
### Knell: "I don't know. I lost track of time."
### 
### Liselle: "You look good."
### 
### Knell: "Thanks. I--thanks. How long are you here?"
### 
### Liselle: "As long as the matriarch wants? I'm not sure. She wants to negotiate this with the humans herself before her end."
### 
### Knell: "That makes sense. If the Valkyries are here for a while maybe we could catch up some more."
### 
### Liselle: "If you're okay with catching up, I would like that."
### 
### Knell: "I think so. I think that would be nice."
### 
### Belle looks over, and notices that Knell is somewhat more emotional than usual, and smiles. 
### 
### Message is delivered for Knell from Holden. It reads: "Arturo's dead. He was killed last night. We still don't know who did it, but things are tense right now." She slips the note to Belle, who reads it, and agrees that they should go investigate immediately."
### 
### Knell suggests that she Send a message to Kyrial about this, and she does "We got message from Holden. Arturo's dead. He was killed last night. We still don't know who did it, but things are tense right now." She slips the note to Belle, who reads it, and agrees that they should go investigate immediately."
### 
### -------
### 
### Kyrial and Vivian
### 
### Word comes out to Kyrial and Vivian that there is an emergency privy council meeting being held. Vivian is a non-voting member, Kyrial is summoned by Lady Alandra specifically.
### 
### Jian's father has elected to abdicate due to his health, in favor of Jian taking the Margrave seat's reins. Rodrigo heard the news of the battle in a more lucid moment, and expressed his shock at it all. Vivian asks if she can see Rodrigo, and Jian says a touch emotionally that Rodrigo has always been fond of Vivianm, and that of course she can visit him. Kyrial expresses her desire to visit as well, though she fears he still thinks she's her mother (Chiara). Jian smiles, and says he's sure his father would love to see Chiara, too. He also assures Kyrial that his ascendance is assured.
### 
### Capello calls the council to order.
### 
### As the councilpeople are taking their places, Kyrial notices a young man with the Armsmens guildmaster Rinaldo de Foscari. Auburn hair, shortish? She realizes and remembers that Linea Grigio in Fandalino mentioned her younger brother Tomaso Grigio was here in this guild. Linea had mentioned that her father was the previous Guildmaster.
### 
### They announce at the council that the Margrave intends to abdicate to his son, and they will schedule that.
### 
### Jian wants the Captain of the Musketeers to take over in City Security, ie, essentially calling martial law until the conflict resolves. The Armsmens Guild is NOT PLEASED. There is outcry in the room: there's a lot of surprise at first. Vivian is nervous about this news.
### 
### (OH SHIT the warlock associated with the council, Bruno Barbarini, is the one we're looking for from the clockwork abomination battle)
### 
### Tomaso is shocked, and Kyrial uses Message saying that they should speak later. Kyrial is also closely watching Foscari.
### 
### (The DM tells is that there is a spirited debate we will not be playing, because he doesn't want to be 10 NPCs arguing with himself.)
### 
### Factions:
### 
### Merchants' and Bankers' Guilds are in favor.
### 
### Ariha Forgebright declares that they are alarmed at the incursion of the Ironmaul clan into their territory.
### 
### Jian asks Kyrial if she knows about this. Kyrial says it's more a personal family matter, and offers to speak to Ariha Forgebright herself. She does so, (much to this archivist's chagrin, given that there are more than family matters here).
### 
### Foscari, Armsmen's Guild is pissed about the martial law issue.
### 
### The Allied Craftsmen abstain from the vote.
### 
### Merchant and Bankers vote yes.
### 
### Armsmen vote no.
### 
### Sylvia Boldu kept many people fed during the war, and she has a lot of reputation. She stands up, looks at him, and says "Not this time, Foscari. I have to vote with my city. I've followed you for years, and you've done NOTHING to make this city a safer place to live."
### 
### THE VOTE IS CARRIED.
### 
### The two musketeers at the door take Foscari out of the meeting to the Castille. Foscari is yelling, until Hawthorne casts Silence on him.
### 
### Kyrial messages Tomaso (Foscari's apprentice) - "There is nothing you can do right now that would be better than doing nothing right now."
### 
### The room erupts into shouting.
### 
### Alandra comes over to Kyrial and Vivian. "We have a group waiting to raid the Lion's Den (the Armsmens Guild HQ). We hope they'll go quietly, but we honestly don't know what they'll find."
### 
### Kyrial, about Tomaso, to Alandra: "Have a gentle hand with that one. He may be useful."
### 
### Jian tells Vivian: "What you and your companions can do is find Bruno Barbarini."
### 
### Kyrial: "We are engaged." (Translation: It shall be done.)
### 
### Kyrial gets the message from Belle re Arturo at the end of the meeting. 
### 
### Kyrial goes over to Ariha Forgebright to touch base, and assures her she will get her better information soon rather than bad information now.
### 
### -------
### 
## Splendid
### 
### He has now been able to get up and move around a bit. Orsini bids him take care of himself and avoid catching a chill, and to eat well. He also delivers him his ordered Broom of Flying. Luckily he's just taken Featherfall. XD Orsini packs a lunch and sends him on his way.
### 
### -------
### 
## Kyrial 
### 
### Kyrial lets Belle know of her conversation with Ariha. 
### 
### She bids Hawke come to the tower. Splendid and Vivian are there with Kyrial. Bree is off in the garden. Belle and Knell are off dealing with the Arturo incident.
### 
### The automatons open the door, and Hawke looks at them in confusion. Kyrial leaps out of her chair and leaps at Hawke in glee.
### 
### "I'm not nearly so spritely as I once was, Sparrow, have a care." To the others, "Francesco de Adoni, but you may call me Hawke."
### 
### Kyrial introduces Vivian and Splendid.
### 
### Kyrial: "You said you have information?"
### 
### Hawke mentions that he traces the man's path. He charted a skiff the dock, last seen heading to the big island in the south of the lake. Perhaps they have allies there? It's very near the Umbrian side of the lake.
### 
### Kyrial is concerned about this and about the Umbrians in general, and Hawke agrees.
### 
### Kyrial: "Well, if that's where he's headed, I guess that's where we're headed, too. Not looking forward to that."
### 
### Vivian remembers that Luciano and Damiano operate in the area too, and the Arduito druids are near there too.
### 
### The bit about the Unseelie court and the druids also worries Hawke.
### 
### Hawke: "Our lives running from necromancers were much simpler, Sparrow. Why do you have to drag us into this now? /j"
### 
### Kyrial: "All I wanted was a life of quiet provincial politics." 
### 
### Everyone: LOL we've met you
### 
### Kyrial shows Hawke out, and tells him "Tell all the usual suspects to keep their knives sharp. And she's practically a patron, but get me information on Alandra. Tell me more about what Foscari thinks Alandra did that we should be concerned about."
### 
### What Foscari, who is from where Alandra comes from, had said: "You have no idea who this woman is, Jian. You have no idea what you're letting into this city. Do you know what she--"
### 
### -------
### 
## ARCHIVIST NOTE:
### 
### The lake water level is way down, the fish are down, and it's affecting the town and whole region.
### 
### -------
### 
### And that's where we leave off today! I'm Belledora Ironmaul, Dwarven Battlebard, party archivist, and Ironmaul Heir. Tune in next time to find out what the hell happened with Arturo, and we'll talk about Bruno Barbarini, as well.