## 02/18/2023
## 
### It is once again time for Fistful of Mithril! I'm Belledora Ironmaul, Dwarven Battlebard, Party Archivist, and Ironmaul Heir, and we're going to see how it goes whilst we meet my lady mother today!
### 
### We're level 8 now, and since this campaign will wrap around level 10, this may be our last season.
### Knell is off investigating Arturo's death, cautioning Belle to stay away since the other dwarves won't talk if she's there.
### 
### Vivian is still wondering what happened to the previous court magician. She asks Bree to bring the garden back to life, and Bree happily accepts.
### 
### Bree assesses very accurately what is in the garden at present, and replaces the things that died with comparable or better things.
### Gizbit and Bree talk about help in the garden. Malio and the Matriarch are off in Delago ("the settlement") meeting with people. Gizbit tells Bree that her people used to live in the Penumbra Forest that Bree is from, in the more mountainous areas, where Bree was in the lowlands moreso. 
### 
### Gizbit mentions the Winter, when she was a pouchling, which is when the basilisk came, and the Frost Queen may have been involved. as the mountainous land never thawed out.
### 
### That cold is was drove Gizbit's people to the lowlands, and Malio's people took them in.
### 
### One of the creeper vines wraps around Gizbit's foot, and she didn't notice, and Bree makes it stop. 
### 
### Yakob Irontree came into town with Matriarch to set up meeting with the Margrave. The government is very busy in town right now, so they are tarrying a few days outside the city, because the Forgebrights are sensitive/touchy about this. "You'll understand when you're older."I've been living among these people longer than you've been here, Uncle. I think a bit more credit is due me." "Ah, alright, my dear. What do you think we should do?" "I think we should bring my mother to stay somewhere where she can be appropriately looked after, in secret. Not Vivian's tower, since she is the court magician." Belle Sends her mother a message to come stay secretly at the Mead and Mithril. Mother relents, between Yakob and Belle.

"Lady Kyrial, we're meeting to plan eradication of dragon cult from armsmen's gold. Please come to council before nightfall."

*missing content*

Vivian finds she needs to reevaluate the Twilight Rose guy, as it turns out he's a pretty good person. She gets a thing from him.

The party is all at the city council. Bree finds herself nervous and uncertain, and Kyrial reminds her that she's under her protection. "Tell me who to hit."

Jean: I admire your enthusiasm. We'll get there.

We're in the council chambers. We're at a table in the middle, instead of the council members in their usual site 

Jean, Allandra, Tomaso Grigio (new Armsmen Leader) (he's older than his sister), and the Capt of the Musketeers Albizo (sp?) are there. There are a couple of guards standing behind the table. Kyrial tells Tomaso that his sister is doing well. Tomaso mentions that their relationship has been a bit strained lately, something Kyrial is unsurprised by. "The most important thing you do is the thing you do next."

Tomaso had begged his master not to bring the bad guy into their confidences, but he didn't listen. Master's demeanor changes after a trip to Serenissima a year ago. He returned obsessed with Lady Allandra and how she supposedly was a villain.

Allandra mentions that she's never met him and is confused what his beef is with her. She's exasperated, and it seems genuine to Kyrial. 

Jean leans forward and says that he'd hoping there might be evidence in the armsmens guild keep, but there will be 2-3 dozen armsmens there. 

Belle and Kyrial help disguise Splendid, and Kyrial disguises herself perfectly,

Bree provides sleep powder from the garden, and she'll be turning into a mastiff to go in with Kyrial and Splendid.

We'll be on the psychic group chat, which has a range of 5 miles. 

We have effectively disguised Splendid as some sort of armsmen. It'll be fine. We hope.

The rest of the party will be nearby, and Tomaso and the head of the musketeers that are standing by are on our comms, as well. 

Torchy: IT IS MY TIME TO SHIIIIINE
Torchy: or maybe BURN?!

Sofia and Georgio (Kyrial and Splendid's disguise names)

ARMANDO, WE'VE GOT GUESTS!

They receive a warm welcome of fellow armspeople, and Bree hears many things as a dog would. The guild doesn't seem to know that their master is in jail.

Someone escorts them upstairs after they've eaten, and asks them to be quiet because others are in and already asleep.

Kyrial finds a travelog on the Far Eastern elven kingdoms, and she pockets that. 

Torch:I MUST GO, MY PEOPLE NEED MEEEEE!!!!
TORCHY, DO YOU READ? I READ! I BURN! BAHAHAHAHA

Splendid...rolls a 1 on stealth to avoid being spotted from the courtyard. Their excuse will be that they came out to look for their dog. Bree tries to distract people by being adorable doggo, and it works. 

Kyrial finds a staircase down below the keep, but keeps on-mission for now.

They found incriminating ledgers and other such things, including evidence linking slavery things to His Eminence Cardinal-Deacon Cesarini of Colonna, junior member of the Curia Council and subordinate to the Bishop of Ravensbridge, aka the man Kyrial was escaping from in her past. 

We made it out successfully! We'll find out more about what we found next session!