## 04/08/2023
## 
### And we're back with Fistful of Mithril! I'm Belledora Ironmaul, Dwarven Battlebard, Party Archivist, and Ironmaul Heir, and let's dive right in!
### 
### Let it be noted also that Kyrial and Splendid found a secret passage in the Armsmens' Guild that led down to the sewers that has recently been used.
### 
### In Knell's excursion to The Broken Wing, the tavern in the rundown Atlas Dwarf section of the Dwarven Quarter, there are three unconscious dwarves bleeding on the floor, and a fourth spider-webbed to the ceiling, named Simon Shatterbrand. Young punk kid that ran with Kreesta. Holden is tied to a chair. Knell is screaming at Simon. 
### They all think Knell sold out.
### She points out that Kreesta isn't to be trusted. They point out that they don't trust her because of us (her new friends) who rescued her.
### Behind her, a heavy footstep. Liselle Stoneshield chuckles. "Always were the persuasive one, weren't you, Knell?"
### "Belle's mother wants to talk to you."
### Holden's trying to say that there's nothing for Knell to find here. Knell's like "uhhhhhh but something clearly happened. Why is there nothing to find?"
### Liselle Stoneshield puts a very gentle hand on Knell's shoulder. "Let it go for now."
### Knell: "UGH. Someone cut Simon down."
### Liselle Stoneshield does so, and unties Holden. "C'mon, you're coming with us."
### *looks at Simon* You're not.
### Simon: THANK YOUUUUU ;_;
### Liselle Stoneshield: So, I hear Kreesta is going to Florin to stand trial.
### Knell: I doubt she'll actually reach Florin. She's slippery, she's going to get away and come after us again.
### Liselle Stoneshield: I can't help but feel if I'd been a better friend to her back in the day, things might have gone differently.
### Knell: She never really did like you, did she? She made her choices.
### Liselle Stoneshield says she hopes the conversation with the Ironmaul Matriarch might clarify some things. She also says taking her clerical vows earned her some peace.
### 
### Meanwhile, at the Mead and Mithril:
### Belle is seated, and awaiting her mother and a small party of her people with an ale in front of her.
### Door opens, and Belle looks over and sees her mother's two guards, dressed down but still obvious to her eye. Old dwarven woman with a peg leg and a cane walks in. She looks much older than Belle remembers. The leg is a surprise. Uncle Yakob and one of his assistant join them, as well. 
### "Belledora, my dear, it's been too long."
### Belle gets her mother's attention as if she were speaking to a council member. 
### They speak of Knell and Belle thinks her mother will like her.
### Mother, what happened to you?
### Even in this world, with the things we built and the magic we wield, we can't solve everything. Our doctors do not know what ravages my body.
### They speak of the slavery thing, and avoiding tangles with the slavers on the way down.
### Knell and Holden and Liselle Stoneshield arrive, and Belle retrieves Gordon and a tray of his marvelous pastries.
### Ruth Ironmaul (matriarch) bids Holden stay. 
### Belle makes sure they all have ale and food and a seat; Liselle Stoneshield chooses to stand with the guards.
### Ruth asks what happened to Knell. She also ascertains that Knell knows the mines.
### R: "you are an atlas dwarf, yes? from the Corvus Islands? as were the others who were enslaved?" Knell confirms, yes.
### R: I worry that clan dwarves targeted your people. 
### When the Kindlebreath clan came into the high seat of the Lamstradt (spelling?) it forced us to reshuffle many things, and we had to withdraw our forces from the Corvus islands. Our clan has a fund for veterans and orphans from the war, and we will give money to the Atlas dwarf community in your honor. I also think I will be able to sway the Forgebright clan. They have been too stingy for too long. 
### R to Holden: You are Holden. In the absence of your previous leader, you are an interface with the community. Does this offer sound valid to you? Would you help us help your people?
### Holden: ...yes... *nonplussed*
### R calls a scribe from her retinue forward with paperwork: We will approve this with the local nobility. 
### Belle: *realizing how much she missed her mother, and realizing aspects of who she herself might become*
### She looks over at Knell: "To be clear, we're equals, you and I. I'm beholden to you as much as you are to me. We're together in this.
### Belle plays songs of their journeys for her mother, including the goblin lullabies she'd learned. Ruth asks also to hear the story again about Malio.
### Bree wants to return to the tower to check on her garden, and Vivian and Splendid desire to return to the tower as well.
### As Kyrial settles in, she hears a click at the window. It's Hawke.
### H: We tracked the dragon cultists; they've gone south across the border.
### Rumors swirl around Alandra. She's rumored to be a changeling. 
### Kyrial takes her ring from Alandra off and hands it to Hawke. She feels a tingle as she removes it.
### Kyrial: note to self, ask Vivian to cast Identify on it in the morning.
### 
### Meanwhile back at the Mead & Mithril:
### 
### Liselle and Knell continue to talk. Liselle talks about how taking her clerical vows helped her drink less and let go of some guilt. She hopes some things will ease for Knell, too, but admits that their paths have been very different and they aren't the same person.
### 
### The next morning, at Vivian's Tower:
### 
### Vivian rolls a 1 on Identify. It doesn't seem to have any spells put into it, but it's definitely magical. She's not seen anything quite like it. When she casts the spell, it zaps her a bit, and Vivian goes scrambling after it.
### 
### It seems to have unlocked some kind of magic for Kyrial, for when she's not wearing it, she can't cast Prestidigitation. Interesting.
### 
### Vivian goes to procure a boat so we can follow the dragon cultists.
### The Tower crowd goes to the Mead & Mithril 
### Beatriz answers the door in a slightly too small bathrobe, holding an axe.
### Melisandre peeks around the hall, naked, holding a crossbow, and seeing it was their people, and goes to add clothing to her person.
### Belle comes down looking for coffee, as does Knell.
### Mel is charmed by Ember and boops his nose, and he licks her finger.
### Belle brings her mother down to meet the rest of the party
### Ruth meets Ember, and Belle tells her that if she gives him a bit of sausage, he'll be her friend forever.
### 
### Kyrial gives her full name, Lady Kyrial Falco of Fandalino. She mentions that her people and the Ironmauls fought 300 years ago, and Kyrial's people were victorious. An ornate, magical mithril warhammer was held as a trophy by K's family, and Kyrial wishes to return it as a gesture of friendship and a closing of the past in favor of the future.
### 
### Flamelance?
### I think so.
### 
### Yakob casts Identify, and nods at Ruth curtly.
### 
### This is from an extinct clan, who died out over 100 years ago. This was one of their great family artifacts. I accept this on behalf of our fallen brothers and sisters.
### 
### We will find their nearest relations, and return the hammer to them. Perhaps it will help them to found another Great Clan.
### 
### It was an obligation, more than a pleasure. So much has been torn down. I want to build.
### 
### Meanwhile, with Vivian:
### 
### Vivian has gone to her parents' place! Compass the dog is ECSTATIC! Eduardo and Rosana Azzara greet their daughter happily. She gives them 100 gold to help them out, which they try to refuse, but she doesn't let them. 
### 
### She asks to borrow a boat, and her dad says "You've HIRED yourself a boat and a navigator, my dear!"
### 
### "We're to go to the island in the middle of Lake Delago, but you need to stay on the boat and play it safe."
### 
### Belle pets the very muddy puppy, and Compass gives her very slobbery kisses and gets mud on her up to her shoulders.
### 
### Eduardo shakes everyones' hands as we introduce ourselves. Kyrial realizes we've met several parents today, and hers are gone, and she's sad about it. Belle notices, and (wiping her hands off first), puts a gentle hand on Kyrial's shoulder. 
### 
### The boat is The Naiad.
### 
### We're partway there, and suddenly there's a large wave coming up toward the boat. 
### Somehow we've come through it ok, but...
### There's smoke rising from the island....oh dear....
### 
### And that's all for today. I'm Belledora Ironmaul, dwarven battle bard, party archivist, and Ironmaul heir, signing off until next time.