## 05/06/2023
## 
### Once again, it's time for Fistful of Mithril! I'm Belledora Ironmaul, Dwarven Battlebard, Party Archivist, and Ironmaul Heir, and let's see how we faired after that weird wave!
### 
### Everyone is relatively unscathed, hooray!
### 
### Eduardo is very proud of his boat and his daughter.
### 
### We have no idea what caused that weird wave. That is. Concerning.
### 
### There was a plume of smoke rising from the city in the distance, and a plume of smoke? steam? rising from the island.
### 
### Belle can't recall anything of value to figure out what this is. Reminds her a bit of "the land angered the gods, so there was a flood" but *shrug*
### 
### Per Splendid, it feels more primal than arcane. 
### Maybe someone threw something at us and missed? Maybe something moved under water and displaced water?
### We ended up on the other side of the lake, as intended. (For some reason, the archivist thought we were going to the island. We were not. We were crossing the entire lake, and we're there now.)
### We see a statue up on the hill to the southeast, and a stone bridge to the east, following an inlet to east-northeast.
### Splendid attempts to get a view by flying up behind a seaside tree, and he sees thunder clouds looming up from the base of the mountains. 
### Bree summons three large ravens to bear us
### Vivian catches some fish for the ravens.
### Last session, Vivian cast Mage Armor on herself, and Kyrial cast Gift of Alacrity on herself.
### Bree feeds the birds, and pats them.
### Kyrial hears a splash, and Compass is wading out of the water and shaking the water off all over Kyrial. Kyrial and Belle pet the very good, very damp dog (think Portuguese Water Dog).
### 
### Knell notices a dark shape in the water heading inland. Knell wants to look closer without leaving the party overmuch. She lets Kyrial know, and takes a couple of steps toward the shape. 
### Meanwhile, Bree gets on a bird.
### Vivian tells Compass to stay, pets him, and then joins Bree on her bird.
### Knell asks Kyrial to keep an eye on the party while she checks out the shape. Belle is watching Kyrial and Knell and the rest of the party alternately.
### Suddenly, the water explodes around Knell with a big maw full of reptilian teeth, clearly undead and mangled. She reacts and SMACKS it with her warhammer: 5hp.
### It leaps at her!
### Splendid casts Silvery Barbs in reaction, causing the creature to miss!
### The creature swings back around with Rend at Knell and Kyrial, hitting Kyrial for 10hp...UD...5hp, and is knocked prone. It misses Knell.
### Kyrial shoots the creature for 18hp
### Knell hits the creature with her warhammer for 11hp
### Belle hits for 10hp, but misses critically on her second swing, 
### Belle gives Splendid inspiration:
### "Go Splendid, go go go, / Do better than what I did...uh...yo..."
### Belle misses because another one springs out of the water, and the horror of undead things washes over her in a wave of nauseated flashback.
### A third one is coming in fast. Belle is...not okay. Kyrial also hates undead. This is FINE, in case you were wondering.
### Splendid casts "Scorching Ray", hitting the most injured Render (the one that was attacking Knell) for 10hp. Second Ray hits for 3hp, and that Render is gone. He hits the one attacking Belle for 7hp.
### Vivian does a whole lot of damage to one of the creatures after Bree flies their bird within range, and holds up her hand for a high five.
### Bree: "Friend, what are you doing? You need to hold on to the bird!"
### Bree directs the two riderless birds to attack the creatures, and they do a fair bit of damage!
### Kyrial also does some solid damage to the one attacking Belle.
### Belle hits the Render for 26hp, and inspires Vivian:
### "Vivian, Vivian, she's our gal / send this creature down to hell (yes I just rhymed hell and pal)"
### Creature uses Rend, just misses Belle, hits Knell for 12hp...UD...6hp, and fails to knock Knell prone.
### Splendid finishes the third Render off, and the second is still near Knell and Belle.
### Vivian tried something that didn't work out, I think? Archivist missed this.
### Kyrial shoots the last one for 20hp, and it's gone.
### VICTORY MUSIC HERE!!!
### Belle is having a smol panic attack, because undead, like in the war, ahhhhh
### Vivian shapes water like an owlbear, and it startles Belle out of her panic enough that she's able to wash her hammer off, and goes to pet the bird and board the bird, on Bree's suggestion. 
### The birds take us up to the clearing on the hill by the statue. 
### The statue is clearly old. It looks imperial. It's missing an arm and most of its head. The plaque at the base has a weird red-orange lichen growing on it, and we are. Concerned. So we don't touch it. 
### Bree recognized it as a kind of lichen. She scrapes at it a bit with the end of her staff, and contact with the lichen burns her staff. 
### Belle knows nothing about this, but is lichen the idea of writing a song about it.
### The Corvids are Carl (Bree and Vivian), Cal (Belle), and Cade. 
### The stonework of the statue is probably from about 100 years later than the temple we found earlier.
### A portion of the inscription that isn't worn away says: "In memory ... Centurain Adamus Gallus of the IV legion. Bested the great dragon Thyrsus ... Taken bodily ... of Ravens. Established in the 6th year of the consulship of Gaius Martialius Lobex"
### We suspect the Matron of Ravens is who is referenced here. The order of the Matron hated undead as antithesis to nature. This is the centurion that supposedly defeated Thyrsus the Gray. Belle notes the inscription does say "bested", not "killed". "Words matter," says the bard.
### The stone bridge seems to be of an age with the statue. Under the bridge, there seems to be a rowboat that was washed against the rocks here and broken up. It is of modern make and likely very freshly washed up and broken. 
### Kyrial climbs down to examine the boat, and sees a dead dragon cultist sticking out from under the boat. He appears to have been killed by the Renders we fought. There remains nothing of value on his body.
### We don't know for sure how many there were, but we estimate half a dozen or so.
### Bree picks up trails of a similar number of humanoids up on the path where we are relatively recently, just before us, and we decide to follow them. Bree also notices on one of the old, old trees up here, some very old druidic carvings that basically say "this way". The symbols have been grown around, so they've clearly been there a long time. We decide to go that way!
### 
### That's all for today. This is Belledora Ironmaul, signing off until next time.