## 06/03/2023
## 
### We're back for another installment of Fistful of Mithril! I'm Belledora Ironmaul, Dwarven Battlebard, Party Archivist, and Ironmaul Heir. Now, let's see whats' going on in this area that has FAR too many undead for Belle's comfort!
### 
### CW for today's episode: Body Horror!
### 
### Knell just rolled a 1 on a CON save. Oh dear.
### 
### Kyrial, despite damage, does not need to make a CON save.
### 
### Statue we'd found is probably 1000-1500 years old, from the tale end of the Golden Empire.
### 
### This river seems mostly dry, and the water there seems to have been from the weird flood thing that just occurred. 
### 
### Vivian's father yells that he must return home. V swims over to him. "These are strange times, my love. Take care. My little sea shell. I'm so proud of you"
### 
### V hugs her papa and pats Compass, and Eduardo and Compass sail homewards.
### 
### We proceed up the mostly-dry river bed.
### 
### Bree rolls a 10 on Perception. As we travel up the river valley, Bree notices that on some of the trees, especially older ones, there are druidic signs essentially saying "this way".
### 
### Belle rolls 8 on Stonecunning, Knell rolls 6. Oh dear. Belle goes to step and slips in the muds, puts her hand on the river bank, and notices the bank is cut stone, not living rock. It's an ancient aquaduct. This entire "river bed" is a buried ancient aquaduct. Belle relays this to the party. It's very old stonework, it's worn, and it's very hard to tell the type of stone and quality and worksmanship. We're going uphill; it was for taking water from the mountains to the lake.### 
### Vivian remembers that she read histories of civilization in that area, and knows that the Golden Empire engineers used to do this sort of thing. Perhaps there is a problem with the aquaduct causing the lake to dry out...
### 
### Kyrial rolls an 8 on a traveling d20. Hmmm.
### It's about 4pm or so at this point. Bree's been tracking the cultist's movement for a few hours.
### 
### Bree feels a buzzing in her beltpouch. The sending stone from Cyril is buzzing. "Strange tremors in the mountains, increased dark fey strength and activity. Rowan and Laralynn have gone to meet with the Grand Druid to investigate." 
### 
### Gist from Bree is that we're heading into those mountains from the other side and that we found undead corruption. Please keep us apprised.
### 
### Bree finds a place for us to make camp (R: Dirty 20) We're even in a defensible spot.
### 
### It's getting chilly, and as we look up the canal way, we can see that the mountain in the distance is topped by some very dark-looking clouds.
### 
### Bree forages for food. (R: Dirty 20) She notices a very large lily tracking Kyrial...she throws it back and chastises it. (Bad Bellsprout, bad.)
### 
### We're trying to start a fire, and having significant trouble starting a non-magical fire. Huh. Splendid is able to light a magical fire, though. Physics is being Dodgy.
### 
### Something is falling from the sky. At first they thought it was ash, but they realized it was light snow. (It's currently end of April/early May. That's weird here.)
### 
### The snow tastes a bit strange, and doesn't feel as cold as it should. It's not sticking at this time. Our canteens of water taste normal.
### 
### This is unsettling as we settle in for the night.
### 
### Watches: Belle and Splendid, Bree and Vivian, Knell and Kyrial (one dark vision person on each watch).
### 
### Forest was eerily quiet in the day. At night it's....creepily loud in various ways.
### 
### First watch: R: 22. By the end of the watch, we almost, but not quiet, feel used to the strange night. Belle: "Creepy forest, on the hillside, and it's all full of undead thing..." (ttto of Little Houses)
### 
### Second Watch: Bree R: N20. They hear a *splat* from the canal below. Bree sees a large creature moving up the canal, donkey-sized. Hopping. Bree realizes it's a very large frog and wakes everyone up. We all roll Stealth, and most of us do ok, but Vivian gets a 5. Luckily, it's a frog, so it's not that smart.
### 
### It makes a loud creaky croaky sound, and splat-hops along its way.
### 
### Belle laments not getting to pet the frog. "You say opponent, I say friend."
### 
### Now for the third watch: Knell and Kyrial. They rolled okay, but then the DM had everyone roll WIS saves, even those of us who were asleep...Knell is the only one who rolled lower than a 10, so everyone gets a long rest except her. In addition to not getting a long rest, the arm she got wounded in is very sore, and the wound is looking necrotic and angry. Knell now has 2 levels of exhaustion. Oh dear. Knell is having A Time.
### 
### Belle does Song of Rest for Knell upon waking to help her recover.
### 
### When we wake, there's no snow accumulation but there's a frost. There's an oily-feeling fog all around, and there's a bit of a sheen on exposed surfaces. Ewwww.
### 
### Bree: This is not natural. Belle: Yeah, natural fog doesn't make me feel like I need a bath.
### 
### The fog is dulling any surrounding sounds, and it almost sounds like distant laughter and voices. Very unsettling. The trees are shifting in a disconcerting way, like wind-blown but with more wind than we can feel. 
### 
### Bree gives everyone a goodberry. Knell is feeling somewhat better after the morning short rest, but is still exhausted.
### 
### The tracks are still very visible, so we follow the 6 or so humanoids we've been tracking.
### 
### Kyrial, Perception: R:18. She begins to hear some noises coming from farther up, sounds like very large creatures up ahead. Moans, shuffles, etc. Belle draws her hammer, and the party hides (with varying levels of success). 
### 
### Several very large, shambling figures come walking down the aquaduct. They don't seem like the Umbrian undead we've seen, and we seem to have mutated ogres and giant types. They seem to be conversing. 
### 
### Bree and Belle determine that these are fae, not undead. These are dark fae. They are Fomorians, giantkin warped by dark fae magic. They are fairly dangerous, and very large.
### 
### We try very, very hard not to be seen, but Bree accidentally knocks a rock down. Splendid quickly casts an illusion out over the canal, further down, in hopes they will pass us by.
### 
### Unfortunately, while the illusion worked, one of the ogres pulled out the tree Kyrial was hiding behind, and spotted her immediately. 
### 
### INITIATIVE! 21 Vivian, 18 Fomorian, 16 Bree, 12 Splendid, 8 Kyrial, 8 Ogres, 6 Knell, 6 Belle
### 
### Vivian casts Wall of Fire, and hits all 5 baddies for 31hp.
### 
### 1st Fomorian hits Kyrial for ~~15~~ 7 bludgeoning damage with his club. 2nd one throws a boulder in the middle of us, hitting Belle for 29hp. OUCHIES.
### 
### The Fomorians are still on Fire, which hurts them for a bunch more damage.
### 
### Bree casts Erupting Earth and does a good chunk of damage, as well. 
### 
### (The archivist's Spotify is playing "I See Fire" right now, which is very apropos.)
### 
### Splendid traps a Fomorian in ice, amidst the fire, then flies up on his broom out of reach.
### Kyrial shoots the stuck Fomorian for 23hp.
### 
### Ogres are up. They start climbing up, and Ogre 1 punches Belle for 11hp. Ogre 3 takes 30 fire damage and perishes. Ogre 2 is behind Ogre 1.
### 
### Knell swings at Ogre 1, and hits for 10hp.
### 
### Belle hits Ogre 1 for 17 with two hits from Feather, and moves closer to Knell, ending by giving Bardic Inspiration to Vivian.
### 
### Vivian casts Ice Knife, but misses. The Fomorians take some more fire damage, 15hp.
### 
### Fomorians are up. Ack. Fomorian 2 has climbed up, ripping another tree out. 
### 
### Fomorian 2 throws Kyrial, but since Splendid casts Feather Fall on Kyrial, she takes no damage.
### 
### Bree conjures a gargoyle near the Fomorian but not in reach of the ogres. Gargoyle does some damage to Fomorian 2.
### 
### Splendid casts Scorching Ray, some of which hit, and does a bit of damage.
### 
### Kyrial shoots one of the opponents, but the archivist missed which one and what happened.
### 
### Front Ogre attacks the Gargoyle for 15hp.
### 
### Other Ogre hits Knell for ~~16~~ 8 bludgeoning damage.
### Knell swings at Other Ogre but misses. Sad.
### 
### Belle dispatches Front Ogre with two swings of Feather, and gives Bardic Inspiration to Bree.
### 
### Vivian casts Ray of Enfeeblement on Fomorian 2, reducing his damage with weapons by half.
### 
### Fomorian 2 hits Gargoyle but not well.
### 
### Kyrial take 27 HP psychic damage from Fomorian 1, and she withers and cracks and breaks... Eep.
### 
### Bree hears a voice in her head "Bree, run!" and knows where the safe place is to go. Gargoyle attacks and hits Fomorian 2. She runs, and commands the rest of us to run, too.
### 
### Kyrial manages to move, tries to shoot behind her and misses.
### 
### As Belle runs, she casts Shatter for 29hp, taking out the last Ogre.
### 
### Vivian blocks the path with another Fire Wall, glaring and saying "You'd best believe this is MY lake."
### 
### We come to a bridge across an expanse of water, and follow Bree. One of the Fomorians is following us.
### 
### Vivian casts the binding ice thingy, and it holds the Fomorian. Fomorian's not doing well AT ALL.
### 
### Belle casts Shatter as she runs, and the Fomorian's head explodes, splattering everything with ichor. 
### 
### We continue running, and the other Fomorian appears. Belle, who has been saving this, casts Raulothim's Psychic Lance, then books it the rest of the way across the bridge. Once safe on the other side, Belle raises Feather in mock salute, flips the Fomorian off, and leaves with everyone else.
### 
### Uccello swoops down on a giant owl, and hugs literally every one of us. He tells Bree that he's so glad she listened to him, and that he's so glad to see us all safe. Belle says, affectionately, "It's good to see you too, you old fart."
### 
### He examines Kyrial and Knell, and casts Greater Restoration on Knell. He lets Kyrial know that a night of sleep should fix her troubles, since the Fomorian's powers are mostly illusory in effect. Since Knell is feeling much better, Belle goes over to Kyrial.
### 
### Bree stands next to Kyrial, and Ember climbs from her to Kyrial, curling around Kyrial's neck and nuzzling her cheek.
### 
### Belle takes one of Kyrial's arms and lays it across her shoulders, and looks at her with great empathy. "No arguments."
### 
### Kyrial: "None given."
### 
### Belle: "Good sister."
### 
### Uccello: "Now, let's get you to safety, and discuss...that." He gestures at the oily, roiling storm at the top of the mountain.
### Belle, bitterly: "I'm sure that has NOTHING to do with a certain...dragon."
### 
### Uccello: "Oh, it has EVERYTHING to do with a certain dragon."
### 
### Bree: "And unfortunately several of the druids as well.
### 
### Uccello: "Indeed."
### 
### Dragons, dragons, dragons, dragons...
### 
### And that's where we end for today. I'm Belledora Ironmaul, signing off until next time.