## 07/01/2023
## 
### Starting the latter half of 2023 of Fistful of Mithril! I'm Belledora Ironmaul, Dwarven Battlebard, Party Archivist, and Ironmaul Heir. We've just defeated/escaped the big scary Fae guys and made it across the bridge.
### 
### The clouds over the mountain are indeed over the place where the party fought the basilisk, which is definitely not at all concerning.
### 
### Uccello opens a portal in a tree to get us to safety at his home. It's up on stilts above the swampy ground.
### 
### He casts Greater Restoration on Knell, taking one of her 2 points of exhaustion. Uccello casts Cure Wounds on Kyrial.
### 
### Uccello says they'll get Bree's exile reversed, and Bree says she's not sure she wants to come back. 
### 
### Uccello thinks we should plead the case in front of the Grand Druid. Bree and Belle are both highly skeptical, and Bree points out that the Grand Druid may be the problem.
### 
### Vivian wants to be investigating what's happening to her lake. Uccello points out that the aqueduct may be clogged. 
### 
### We are further up in the mountains now, closer to where that temple is.
### 
### Vivian and Splendid check out the surrounds of the building. It does not have the same feeling of dread that the area further down the mountain did. Less dark fae energy. Normal animal and insect twilight noises.
### 
### Vivian finds some Druidic runes and creates a rubbing in her journal. They look at least a bit familiar, and they are radiating Abjuration magic.
### 
### Belle quietly reviews her knowledge and repertoire of the subjects we're facing: Thyrsus, dragons, dragoncults, Druids, Shadowfell, strange magical weather in the mountains, Dark fae/light fae. St George and the dragon, etc. Human and dwarves in particular are most antagonistic with fae. Elves identify with them more, and humans and dwarves trusting them less because of them. Belle makes note to work on acquiring more Elven and Fae allies. Maybe a dragon ally?
### 
### Kyrial mumbles that Belle should have an owlbear. Maybe a baby one for tameability.
### 
### Uccello feeds us all stew and bread. <3
### 
### Uccello is now Uncle Druid. 
### 
### Splendid asks Uccello about why it has such a good vibe. It's becuase of Uccello's built up protections.
### 
### Uccello squints at Splendid. "You've the whiff of the dark fae about you."
### 
### Spendid mentions his whole schtick with Thyrsus the Grey. The curse still appears to be lingering on him. 
### 
### Uccello asks if the cultist he treated with still possesses soemthing of his essence. He mentions he can see a connection still, a thread. If we can find this man and sever the connection. Perhaps blood or hair or something is in their possession? (Warlock MLM?)
### 
### Belle beds down near Kyrial to keep an eye on her, and Kyrial buries her head against Belle's shoulder.
### 
### TORCHY ALSO TAKES A LONG REST!
### 
### We all take a long rest, and we wake up restored!
### 
### Porridge and root/herb tea with honey for breakfast
### 
### Bree takes a look at the tree we arrived through to see if she can learn how to do the spell. There are also caves nearby, probably natural initially but carved further. Several barrels of beer in one.
### 
### Belle still deep in thought about what she knows about the things they're dealing with.
### 
### Others hear a scratching sound on the roof. A winged creature flies in and lands in the rafters. It's a Tressym!
### 
### Belle tries to play a song for him, but he disapproves.
### 
### "Leone, you must be more welcoming to our guests!"
### 
### Leone snubs them. Rude. Belle suggests to Kyrial that a tressym might be a better traveling companion than an owlbear.
### 
### Next up: the moot with the Grand Druid (Athanasius "he who will rise").
### 
### Escape plan is the birds Carl (Bree & Vivian), Cal (Belle & Kyrial) & Cade (Knell and Uccello), Splendid has him broom. Bree will summon them when we arrive.
### 
### Uccello transports us through the tree again, similar tree type in the moot place, but many of those trees are dead or dying.
### 
### Rowan was the one resistant to Bree's info about the pact concerning Thyrsus.
### 
### Uccello takes Bree's hand and walks closer to center.
### 
### Our buddies from Druid's Rest come as well, including Rowan.
### 
### Rowan sees them and appears to become more resolute.  Laralyn puts a hand on Rowan's shoulder and whispers in his ear.
### 
### Rowan steps toward Bree and Uccello. "So Uccello, you bring these traitors into our midst? What do you think you are doing?"
### 
### Uccello steps in front of Bree. "We bring them to speak to the Grand Druid, which you would not let them do before. I vouch for them."
### 
### Rowan: "And what is your vouchsafe worth? I will take care of this myself." and wildshapes into a panther.
### 
### Uccello: *wildshapes into bear*
### 
### Bree: *steps in front of Uccello*
### 
### Rowan: *panther screams*
### 
### Belle: *draws hammer*
### 
### Bree: *does not flinch*
### 
### Human-shaped very elderly elf druid shifts out of the tree. Clothing looks like it's made of livng plants, skin like mahogany. "HALT."
### 
### Rowan kitty sits and shifts back to human.
### 
### Bree inclines her head respectfully.
### 
### Rowan: "Most revered one"
### 
### Asks why the disturbance, Bree tells that she brings information that Rowan doesn't want her to tell, and tells him.
### 
### Grand Druid moves in an odd way, slow, drifting, plant-like? "I know."
### 
### Belle: "He KNOWS?"
### 
### He tells her he's tried to make the Arduito safe for his people for 800 years. He says he made a mistake 10 years ago and chose poor allies in thge Unseelie court. Now he asks for Bree's help, all our help, those who slew Grindstone the Basilisk, to help stop the summoning of Thyrsus and the Unseelie. Then he kneels before Bree.
### 
### Kyrial: "Most Revered one, know that we are committed to this take."
### 
### GD: "Approach. friends."
### 
### He reveals that the body of the dragon is part of why the waters are low, because the body is under the lake. The spirit is, of course, in the Shadowfell. There are Golden Empire machines keeping the waters at bay. 
### 
### Bree: "Revered one, how are you suggesting we keep this reconnection from happening?"
### 
### GD: first, the waters must be released. 
### 
### Belle: what will happen if the dragon wakes?
### 
### GD: Unimaginable destruction. To the lake people, the mountain people, the druids. All of us. 
### 
### Belle: "Clearly this means we must be all in. Including you. *points at Rowan* You must also give everything available, else doom yourself and your people along with the rest of us."
### 
### Rowan: "uhhh well of course, I must act for the greater good."
### 
### Belle: *squints* 
### 
### Kyrial and Vivian clearly see that Rowan is on his back foot.
### 
### Bree: "There have been mistakes made. It's up to us to right them." (19 persuasion)
### 
### GD slowly turns to look at Rowan
### 
### Rowan, while looking GD in the eye: "For the good of all our people, we will right a wrong."
### 
### Vivian whispers to Belle: "He's only helping because he's been caught out as a coward"
### 
### Belle: "I think this situation is much more complex than you understand, but I appreciate your perspective."
### 
### Belle begins to cross-reference lore with things sleeping under the mountain/lake 
### 
### Bree will begin thinking about spells she should know for the next things we're doing. She's open to ideas from Uccello and the GD, etc. 
### 
### Our next step is to find the machinary holding back the waters for the last six months. It normally works; it's not been for 6 to 9 months.
### 
### Previous court magician died under mysterious circumstances while investigating this (his name was Octavian)
### 
### Second, the spirit of the dragon needs to stay imprisoned in the Shadow Realm, NOT released by the cultists. Who's to say someone else won't release it? Can we destroy or exorcise the spirit?
### 
### The staff of Septimus was wielded by the only mortal that Thyrsus ever feared. The Raven Queen was Jane's goddess, so let's contact Jane. Belle is also going to send her mother a message for reinforcements, magical and martial. 
### 
### Next session is July 15, 2023!
### 
### Bree wishes to learn from the GD. Belle plays gentle music for him. 
### 
### Laralyn: "May I join you?"
### 
### Bree: "You may."
### 
### Laralyn sits down with Bree. Bree thinks Laralyn wouldn't be with someone who is entirely evil, so there must be more nuance there. Bree is just learning about how people are nuanced, because she is young. 
### 
### Belle asks Knell if she thinks any Atlas dwarves might want to get in on the "region not exploding into angry dragon" gig. Belle will send a message to Holden as well, and one to Lex for the drop with Hawke. Kasimir the Satire Bard, Dwarf, the guy who ran the bard competition at the festival to the headmaster Heady McMasterson of the Mage College, from Vivian of Delago "Vivian of Delago asks for aid"
###
### List - Recipients of Sending:
#### Ruth Ironmaul
#### Holden
#### Lex for Hawke
#### Kasimir for Heady McMasterson
#### Jane
###
### This is Belledora Ironmaul, party archivist, Ironmaul heir, and dwarven battle bard, signed off until next time when we deal with the Whole Dam Problem.