## 07/15/2023
## 
### Back to Fistful of Mithril! I'm Belledora Ironmaul, Dwarven Battlebard, Party Archivist, and Ironmaul Heir. We're gonna fix the aqueduct, we hope!
###
### List - Recipients of Sending:
#### Ruth Ironmaul - Delago under attack from lizard things, likely what we fought before
#### Holden - Also in Delago also under attack, will assemble people and help if we can.
#### Lex for Hawke - will get message to Hawke when he can , Delago under attack.
#### Kasimir for Heady McMasterson - Travelling to Florin, will pass message along when he gets there in about a day, don't die
#### Jane - we were worried about you, we see the unnatural storm clouds, will gather Fandalino friends and meet us at temple in a couple of days. Jane lets Halia know where Kyrial is. 
### 
### The Grand Druid is 800 years old. He still makes mistakes sometimes. Turns out spending 5 years at a time as a tree is tree years too many.
### 
### Kyrial requests a moment of the Grand Druid's time. She very respectfully gets down to his level so she's not standing over him. She asks if they can open conversation after all this is done about Fandalino and the Druids becoming allies. 
### 
### The Grand Druid says they require very little of the outside world.
### 
### Kyrial admits that she seeks his wisdom more than anything else. 
### 
### The Grand Druid agrees to speak with her after this is all over.
### 
### Bree asks the Grand Druid if something is wrong with him. 
### 
### GD: "In my youth, I would never have made the mistake of allowing the fae into my forest. I fear you are correct. I fear my time to leave this world approaches."
### 
### Because of the fae?
### 
### GD: Because of the misjudgement.
### 
### Bree: All beings make misjudgements. It's what you do after that that counts.
### 
### GD: Perhaps. I do now spend time considering and planning with my family (gestures to us and all the druids) for the day I must move on.
### 
### Bree: I suppose even trees have their days.
### 
### GD: Even trees wither and die.
### 
### Bree: I simply did not like to think of you that way.
### 
### Laralyn comes to Bree and tells her that the GD has told the Grand Counsel that he wishes to die in the nearish future (whenever that is).
### 
### Bree is tearing up a little; the GD is one of the only constants she's ever known. Ember curls up in her lap, putting his head up against her.
### 
### The Plantsport is being used again to get us where we need to go.
### 
### TORCHY: I'LL SIT THIS ONE OUT. TORCHY DOES NOT DO WATER. TORCHY IS THE FIRE.
### 
### Uccello says that he doesn't know anything about the aqueduct, just where it is.
### 
### Belle looks at the masonry. It's definitely the same worksmanship as the parts of the aqueduct we've seen further down. Even though there's a lot of broken stone, she surmises that there's something under the water that actually drains the water.
### 
### Splendid gets on his broom to get a better view. He doesn't immediately see anything like a clogged drain. 
### 
### Belle, Knell, and Bree boat to the island to look at the masonry and statue there. 
### Kyrial is riding with Splendid.
### Vivian is going to swim and explore. She asks Uccello how well he can swim. Uccello says he can turns into a beaver or a fish. Vivian casts Air Bubble on him so he doesn't have to burn a Wildshape, then strips out of her fancy robes and dives off the side of the boat.
### 
### Vivian spots drainage holes that go down. She doesn't immediately see anything stopping them up. She goes to investigate further. 
### 
### White marble statue, very finely worked. Humanoid mermaid looking thing...a naiad. Nature spirit. There are a couple of gems set into the ground around it. We don't touch the mud; Belle uses her handaxe to scrap. Statue is weirdly clean. The statue is on a circuler base, raised above the ground a bit. 
### 
### Bree bends down to look at the gap. It doesn't appear to be attached to anything. The DM took pity on us and told us the mud is ordinary and won't hurt us. 
### 
### We clear the mud from the circle around the statue. There are gems in most of the holes: 
W pearl, a crab (Water)
NW emerald, a bulls head (Earth)
N aquamarine, a ram's head (Fire)
NE amethyst, water jugs (Air)
E turquoise, mercreature of some kind, Pisces (Water)
SE empty, bird? Capricorn (Earth)
S sapphire, scales Libra (Air)
SW peridot, lions head (Fire)
### Vivian encounters a very large crab, and it does her a big pinch for 15hp! she swims away
### 
### Vivian uses Shocking Grasp on the Crab for 9hp and swims away, the crab being temporarily stunned.
### 
### Belle uses Misty Step and and casts Shatter at 3rd level for 27 hp, then leans back up against the cliff. DM made Belle roll Perception. She rolled a 13. He said "ok". CONCERN.
### 
### Splendid Viciously Mocks the crab. He notices it's shiny and gemmy...
### 
### Kyrial shoots at the crab and misses. Kyrial rolled 19 on Perception, nothing.
### 
### Knell runs down the hill and shoots the crab for 18hp, and rolls 13 perceptiom.
### 
### Bree summons a crocodile! 
### 
### Vivian notices a pearl embedded in the crab's carapace, and does some more damage.
### 
### Uccello wildshapes into a direduck (Kyrial's player "Let's get dangerous!")
### 
### Belle casts Shatter at 4th level on the crab for 24hp, inspiring Splendid.
### 
### Splendid casts Scorching Ray, and then tries to pick the pocket of the crab to pry loose the pearl, but is unable to do so.
### 
### Kyrial shoots at the crab, but misses.
### 
### Crocodile tries to bite the pearl off, it does not succeed. Croc gets between crab and island.
### 
### Vivian does an ice spell.
### 
### Uccello bludgeons the crab a lot
### Belle uses Raulothim's Psychic Lance, finishing the crab off. Yay! We're having crab tonight!
### 
### Kyrial Messages Vivian to get out of the water
### 
### Kyrial: Gift of Alacrity, Vivian: Mage Spell
### 
### Splendid and Kyrial go to investigate the very large bird  nest in the West that's been spotted.
### 
### Splendid climbs it. 
### 
### Suddenly a giant flying elk comes barrelling out of the sky, bellowing a deep...mating call???
### 
### Splendid mage hands the deep green oval gem out of the nest and into his pocket.
### 
### We have to fight two of these things, oh no. Perytons, that's what they are.
### Archivist lost some detail here.
### Belle casts Shatter and hits one for 11 and the other for 22.
### 
### Knell shoots a spider bolt at the things, but it misses.
### Bree summons 4 Ice Muppets (Mephits). When they die, they explode!
### Vivian casts Ice Knife.
### Bree has summoned 4 Ice Mephits. They explode when they die!
### 
### We have destroyed the perytons.
### 
### Vivian suddenly remembers when the naiad of the lake blessed her as a child. She wonders if she needs to move the statue toward the water bearer sign, the amethyst, and then the water starts dropping. Suddenly there is a CLUNK, and a SCREECH. Um. Oh no.
### 
### Suddenly there are tentacles thrashing up from the bases of the four towers...
### 
### AND THAT'S WHERE WE FINISH FOR TODAY.
### 
### I'm Belledora Ironmaul, dwarven battlebard, Ironmaul heir, and party archivist, signed off until next time, when we will hopefully find out what's kraken without getting too hurt in the process!
### 
### Next session: TBD! DM will check his finals schedule first.