## 08/12/2023
## 
### It's once again time for Fistful of Mithril! I'm Belledora Ironmaul, Dwarven Battlebard, Party Archivist, and Ironmaul Heir. We have a tentacle problem! (retcon, DM decided we have not yet seen tentacles. Hopefully we still won't!)
### 
### Suddenly the ground gives way! Splendid and Bree are falling toward dark water, and Splendid with quick thinking casts Feather Fall on both of them, while the rest of us land on a ledge abotu 8-10 feet out of the water. Belle reaches out and catches Bree's hand, who catches Splendid's hand, and she  prevents them from falling into the water.
### 
### Belle activates her driftglobe, making it easier for everyone to see on the ledge. Azirephale!Torchy, as it were. Crowley!Torchy is a bit jealous, we think.
### 
### Splendid casts Light on a pebble and chucks it across to a ledge across the water, and goes to investigate. He sees gears in an alcove that aren't moving. He ferries Vivian across first so she can investigate. We all investigate, and learn that there's a big cog that was smashed. We're looking for the missing piece of it.
### 
### Belle's got a bunch of gears...and one looks like it will fit????? Belle gets the gear to the spot it needs to be with Bree's help
### 
### Suddenly a tentacle lashes out of the water, just barely missing Belle. "HEY, KEEP YOUR TENTACLES TO YOURSELF, BUDDY!"
### 
### She makes sure the gear is in place and scrambles out of the way. "PULL THE LEVER, WE'VE GOT TENTACLES."
### 
### The sluice is opened and the water is equalizing. The replacement gear breaks, and Belle takes the pieces with her.
### 
### The water wheel is not moving. Oh dear.
### 
### The tentacles are now attacking Vivian and Kyrial. Oh no.
### 
### Belle has been Grapticled, and gets thrown by the tentacle onto the walkway (she mitigates with Feather fall)
### 
### Everyone is trying to react well and banish the tentacles! The archivist is trying not to die, woohoo!
### 
### I jump down to the stationary water wheel and whack it with Feather for 10 damage after the first swing misses. Belle gives Bardic Inspiration to Knell. "Don't you worry, don't you fear, just get this tentacle outta here!"
### 
### Splendid Viciously Mocks the Kraken!
### 
### The Kraken, with a legendary action and bites Belle for 22. OW.
### 
### Splendid tries to make it reroll but fails, but gives Belle advantage.
### 
### Belle's Dex save was 14... and so the kraken swallows Belle. Um. Well. This is. Exciting.
### 
### Knell poisons the Kraken with a spell?! Belle is barfed up almost immediately, whacks the Kraken with Feather has it leaves.
### 
### "YEAH, YOU BETTER SQUIDDADLE!" Belle yells
### 
### Vivian does Lightning Lure/Curse of the Sea and plops the squid up on to land, and mutters to it "and where do you think YOU'RE going?"
### 
### Bree whacks it with a stick for 6hp!
### 
### Kyrial slashes at it with the amputation knife for 20hp, and now 2 tentacles are immobilized!
### 
### Belle: "We should talk to this squid and find out why it's here and why it's trying to keep the water flowing wrong! Bree, you're a druid, can you speak to it?"
### 
### Bree: "I mean, is it a monster or an animal?"
### 
### Belle: "It might ask the same of you!"
### 
### Bree: "I mean, true, we are in a bit of conflict with it right now..."
### 
### Belle: "Besides, sometimes friends are enemies that try to eat you first!"
### 
### Bree: "He did eat you!"
### 
### Belle: "Only a little!"
### 
### Splendid and Knell hit the Squid in various ways.
### Squid tries to leave, everyone takes attacks of opportunity.
### 
### It is deemed that the opportunity for speaking has passed.
### 
### Vivian's wall of fire keeps it there.
### 
### Belle, thinking many angry, frustrating, complicated thoughts about this, inadvertantly thinks pointedly at the squid, and between that and the fire, the squid perishes. (Dissonant Whispers, we don't know Belle can do this.)
### 
### Suddenly the ice is melting and the air and water are much less cold.
### Bree: "We couldn't have talked to this thing."
### 
### Belle: "We didn't try."
### The water is again flowing. The lake town, Vivian's home, is saved. Vivian drops to her knees and cries in joy, and Kyrial puts her arm around her.
### 
### A little bird comes swooping in and shifts back to Uccello.
### 
### We tell Uccello about what happened, and he confirms it was dark fae magic keeping the wheels frozen.
### 
### We've gone into a protected area now, safe from dark fae magic. 
### 
### Uccello says that the stone circles pre-date the druids, but that the druids have always found them friendly to them. 
### 
### Level 9!!!
### 
### Belle gets a message from Uncle Yakob: Undead lizard creatures "servitors" defeated, city safe, water coming back, will meet you at the temple."
### 
### In morning, we teleport to a hill overlooking the temple. We go through, and in front of the temple where we fought the basilisk, we see the temple as knowns, but with a large group of hobgoblins soldiers camped out on the steps in front of the temple. WELP.
### 
### And that's all for today. I'm Belledora Ironmaul, party archivist. Tune in next time for Hobknobbin' with Hobgoblins!