## 09/16/2023
## 
### It's once again time for Fistful of Mithril! I'm Belledora Ironmaul, Dwarven Battlebard, Party Archivist, and Ironmaul Heir. It's time for Hobknobbin' with Hobgoblins! Tomorrow! But first!
### 
### Kyrial mentions that she's telling Hallia to allocate funds to the goblins to maintain the stone circle in Fandalino.
### 
### Uccello mentioned the druids came to the Arduito after the fall of the Golden Empire, individuals and families who felt the call of forest and retreating from society. They found the stone circles there, long-unused, and have always found them calm, tranquil, and safe.
### 
### As night falls, he tells us to stay here while he forages for food. 
### 
### Vivian leaves the stone circle to dip her feet in the pond. Uccello warns her to be careful outside the circle, that he can't be responsible for her safety. Vivian thinks she'll be ok.
### 
### Bree's feeding Ember bits of meat.
### 
### Belle's playing music by the fire, working on various songs about our adventures and travails to come.
### 
### Kyrial is curled up nearby staring into the fire and listening to the music.
### 
### Knell is pacing, and failed a perception check (4).
### 
### Vivian is thinking about her home's suffering being relieved. She hears an ethereal noise, far off. At first it sounds like rushing water, but it's really running water and laughter? Like a child's laughter. Vivian picks her head up. Hears a voice that says "I know you, my waters flow in your blood." She sees in the reflection a different young woman's face instead of her own, more human-looking, young and with surprisingly long flowing dark hair. "My name is Nadia. Your family have sailed my waters for generations. I know you. I've touched you before." 
### 
### They speak of how Nadia saved Vivian once, and Nadia says that Vivian saved HER from the dark fae that imprisoned her. Nadia tells her she has used her boon wisely, and now will give her another, with the bidding to use this one wisely, too.
### They touch one finger to one another, and Vivian fills cold run over her and then dissipate.
### 
### Nadia returns to the water, and Vivian's reflection is back to normal. Vivian decides it's time to return to the camp, around the same time as Uccello.
### 
### Uccello has collected roots and mushrooms and things in his bucket hat, and some small animals he caught in his snares.
### 
### Belle gets a message from Uncle Yakob: Undead lizard creatures "servitors" defeated, city safe, water coming back, will meet you at the temple tomorrow."
### 
### We also got message from Jane “I am on my way with goblin friends and Fandalino militia. Wait for us to arrive. I must wield the Index of Septimus in the tomb”
### 
### In morning, we teleport to a hill overlooking the temple via plants. We go through, and in front of the temple where we fought the basilisk, we see the temple as knowns, but with a large group of hobgoblin soldiers camped out on the steps in front of the temple. WELP.
### 
### Vivian - Mage Armour, Kyrial - Gift of ALacrity
### 
### Temple is at the bend in a river on a forested Rise, we come in SWS of the temple. Through the trees, about 200 yards away, the hobgoblins are on the steps of the mausoleum to the north. The soldiers are coming from a camp to the east of us, SE of the mausoleum.
### 
### Bree scouts out the mausoleum. The door appears to be closed and barricaded?! Much to the chagrin of the hobgoblins...
### Hobgoblins use giant spiders as beasts of burden. There are ogres with catapults. There are at least two dozen + hobgoblins in the camps, plus 7-8 ogres and 6 sporses. 
### 
### There's a fancy tent to the north/northeast in the camp.
### 
### Kyrial notices the Hobgoblins speaking Umbrian to one another. 
### 
### Uccello: "This is far worse than we thought, I must go tell my people" and transports away.
### 
### Belle makes a Wisdom saving throw??? (9) Oh dear.
### 
### Bree wonders if we can go to the back of the hill the mausoleum is on to attack from that side.
### 
### Belle wonders if we can get in through the Shadowfell.
### 
### Shadowfell Planeshift scroll - could it be reverse engineered Tower and Mage School in Florin? Maybe get into the temple through the Shadowfell?
### 
### Bree has "Summon Draconic Spirit"...we're pretty sure it won't reawaken Thyrsus.
### 
### It could summon the spirit of the Basilisk we killed...(think equivalent of green dragon)
### 
### Kyrial rolled a 1 on Perception, and so missed the wyverns arriving with Jane and Gizbit and the Wildroses - Nestor and Armand (druids), Malio, Linnea, etc
### 
### Jane suggests possible secret passage in plinths, Kyrial suggests Vivian do a swim by to check for underwater tunnels
### 
### We set up comms through Kyrial's spell thing. Splendid is in the trees being an eye in the sky.
### 
### Vivian is under the water. It's brackish and murky and muddy, and there's lots of fallen, broken stone. She digs through it, and at one point she feels indentations in the rock behind. She pulls some rocks out of the way, and it looks like there's a design carved into this portion of the shoreline. She finds more, and it has finger-sized indentations. Seems like, if it were clear, it could be openable.
### 
### Bree stows her armor, sneaks to the water, and Wildshapes into a Giant Octopus. 
### 
### They get the door part way open...and a bunch of airbubbles emerge from the door, breaking the surface and alerting the guards that Something Is Up.
### 
### Aaand that's where we are leaving off for today. I am Belledora Ironmaul, Bree is currently an octopus, and it is here we shall sign off for today, until next time!