## 11/18/2023
## 
### It's once again time for Fistful of Mithril! I'm Belledora Ironmaul, Dwarven Battlebard, Party Archivist, and Ironmaul Heir. It's time for Hobknobbin' with Hobgoblins! For real, this time! Also Bree is currently still an octopus!
### 
### First off, Belle failed a WIS saving throw with a 2.
### 
### Bree camoflauges her octoself, and Vivian hides under her.
### 
### Kyrial notices the bubbles that float to the surface, tells the group voice chat that a hobgoblin is looking their way.
### 
### Gravdok is the the hobgoblin; we hope he lives. He got yelled at by his boss.
### 
### Vivian and Breetopus go into the tunnel they found! It's dark. Torchy cannot help under water. The air in the tunnel is very stale; they suspect no one's been there in ages. Bree moves at 10ft/round, like a big wet jello pile (which is Splendid's new bandname, haha).
### 
### There's a door with the same intricate design in the tunnel as on the stonework near the tunnel entrance. Vivian is doing detect magic on the door and beyond. She detects something! At least two entities have necromantic auras beyond that door, and she whispers to Bree, which means everyone else hears too. They are in there to scout, not fight. We hope they will not fight.
### 
### The hobgoblins break down the door to the temple, and the powerful ones all go inside.
### 
### Belle gets a message from Uncle Yakob. "Belledora: We are here, look to the skies, you must act quickly, go!" Belle doesn't see anything at first, and then hearing a thrumming noise. Belle sends back, approx: "Here as in you're on the ship? Where are you? You say I must act quickly? Need more information, Uncle Yakob, you old codger, damn..."
### 
### "Silly little mine rat, we're on the ship, new friends, the Valkyries are here, we will guard your back, go! Been watching you via scry."
### 
### The ship crests over the treeline, heading east toward the camp. On the deck are several Delagan musketeers firing down at the hobgoblins outside. The wyvern riders are here, and we can go with them across the river. 
### 
### Bree and Vivian try to open the door in the tunnel, and it takes a hot minute.
### 
### Kyrial and Splendid to dimension door in. Belle riding with Malio, Knell riding with Gizbit. I pet the wyvern once I'm aboard (they're weirdly reptilian AND mammalian. they ooze poison, and are awfully cuddly)
### 
### Breetopus and Vivian get the door open. This room is a dwarven tomb, with dwarven runes all over the place. There are several standing sarcophagi with dwarven captains within, and the sarcophagi open and the undead creak out. Vivian and Breetopus hope to open the other door for them to defend the temple. DM: "Modern problems require modern solutions!" Belle: "CONSTANT VIGILANCE!"
### 
### Kyrial and Splendid have dimension doored in Kyrial. Splendid is going to attack the hobgoblins from behind outside.
### 
### Kyrial tries to stealthily scope out the hallway, and succeeds. 
### 
### Initiative outside: Knell, Hobgoblins, Malio, Gizbit, Jane, Splendid, Belle
### 
### Knell shoots the guy who yelled at Gravdok. Gizbit's wyvern misses on his attack though.
### 
! (Dragon hydra, 3rd head is kind of derpy looking.) []
###
### Jane is also with us.
### 
### Hobgoblin sargeant attacks Gizbit for 10 points slashing dmg with his longsword. 
### 
### Hobgoblin near sargeant shoots Derpy Wyvern for 6 points. The others are now scrambling to find cover, because f this crap.
### Malio goes to attack but Belle asks him to threaten but hold, because she has an idea.
### 
### Gizbit hits a guy with Firebolt.
### 
### Jane's turn: attacks but hold
### Splendid casts Rime's Binding Ice on the HGs on the stairs. 6 are stuck in the ice.
### 
### Hear me, brethren! Surely you are tired of being pushed around by the likes of him *gestures at HG sarg*, and being pushed around by people who have been lucky or greedy enough to get power over you. Join me, join us, and know prosperity, alliance, and relatively more safety than these bastards are willing to provide you. Join us, and you will fight with someone to whom your lives are worth more as people than as cannon fodder. Are you with me? 
### 
### 12 of the 15 hobgoblins surrender !!! DC was 25.
### 
### Brightly crested dwarven soldier (Valkyries) descent. Shanreaa (orange and black) and Liselle (blue and silver) and Yakob are among them.
### 
### HG Sarg even surrenders after having been poisoned all to shit.
###
### Vivian and Bree are exploring. 
### 
### She and Vivian go through the secret passage toward the main chamber of the temple. Bree turns back into her normal form. "I don't think we want to fight these guys (the undead) but I'd love to point them in the direction of our enemies."
### Vivian agrees and casts Haste on Bree. 
### 
### Bree summons an earth elemental in the middle of the undead, telling the spirit to try to protect Bree and Vivian and redirect the undead. Elemental is trying to keep the undead at bay for now.
### 
### There's a guy by the giant crystal in the main chamber. Bree is hiding until the undead are in here.
### 
### Kyrial stealths right into a cultist who was sneaking like she was. Kyrial stabs him with the amputation knife, trying to disable his knife hand. She succeeded, and this guy is forced to one-armed unarmed strike, hitting Kyrial for 1pt.
### 
### Ogre misses Kyrial. 
### 
### Knell hits Ogre.
### Goblins are noping out, as are the wyverns.
### 
### We're fighting ogres.
### 
### Belle casts Shatter for 8 and 16 damage on two ogres.
### Vivian casts Cone of Cold on the crystal and the cultist for 32hp and broke his concentration on the portal spell.
### 
### We've kicked most of the ogres and all the goblins.
### 
### big bad does 11pt necro dmg to Splendid with a sympathic magic doll and a pin.
### 
### And that's where we leave this for today. I'm Belledora Ironmaul, tired, scared, ready to kick some cultist ass, signing off until next time.