## 12/23/2023
## 
### It's once again time for Fistful of Mithril! I'm Belledora Ironmaul, Dwarven Battlebard, Party Archivist, and Ironmaul Heir. Splendid just got hurt via sympathetic magic, and now we'll see what happens!
### 
### Creatures skittering out of the rapidly closing right. 
### Initiative as it stands:
### Knell 18
### Vivian 16
### Kyrial 16
### Gloomstalkers (GS) 12
### Bree and Earth Elemental 12
### Jane 8
### Bruno Barbarini (BB) 8
### Splendid 7
### Belle 6
### Dwarven wights
### 
### Sort of Wyvern-like with bat wings, very small mouths, long necks. They emit some sort of smoke. 
### Jane: "Gloomstalkers! Cover your ears!
### Barbarini: *whispers to doll* Kill the druid, kill the druid!
### Splendid: (rolls a 1) *feels compelled to act*
### 
### Knell rolls a 1.
### 
### Vivian whispers to Bree to get the doll from BB. She casts Wall of Fire around BB and the GSs. 
### 
### Kyrial shoots a GS for 9hp!
### 
### GS attacks Belle but royally misses with a Nat 1.
### GS attacks Jane and misses.
### Con Saves: Passed: Belle, Splendid, Jane, Bree Failed, paralyzed until end of next turn: Knell, Vivian, Kyrial
### GS attacks the ogre, picks it up and bites the head off.
### Bree: Releases Earth Elemental, summons a Draconic Spirit, flys over the wall of flame and breathes acid down on BB. BB fails his save. DS does 4hp to BB. It is AC 19 with 50hp.
### (Kyrial's player sadly: "I wish I had 50 hit points...")
### 
### Jane casts Guiding Bolt on the Gloomstalker and hits for 20hp, which burns it badly and it screeches.
### 
### Jane tells Belle to finish it off for her! (Translation: next attack on it is at advantage)
### 
### BB made a concentration check, we don't know what it was.
### 
### Splendid casts Scorching Ray on Bree for 16hp causing her to lose concentration and the dragon going away.
### 
### Belle casts Raulothim's Psychic Lance on BB for 31hp. His concentration was already broken, and he failed his Int 16 save. Yesss. B.I. to Knell.
### 
### Dwarven Wights are next up. They shamble onto the scene and take it in, and the lead one raises his hand with his bow and shoots at BB. 
### 
### Paralyzed: Knell, Vivian, Kyrial
### 
### GS turn. 
### Kyrial's player: No one told you life was gonna be this way
### clap clap clap clap
### You're job's a joike, you're broke
### Your cult is DOA...
### 
### GS bites Belle for 20hp and she is grappled.
### GSes fail to get Jane.
### Bree summons 2 fire elementals.
### 
### Splendid's players:
### It's like you're always stuck at Level Two
### When it hasn't been your day to kill the whole party
### Or even a few
### 
### One GS hits Jane on an AOO for 26hp.
### 
### Splendid tries to attack Bree, but Vivian counterspells.
### Fire elemental attacks Splendid for 8hp 
### Belle, still grappled, casts Raulothim's Psychic Lance again. BB makes his save, so takes 11hp damage. B.I. to Kyrial.
### 
### Knell shoots the GS closest to her for 12hp with a spider bolt.
### 
### Vivian goes to whack Splendid with her staff for 1hp, and he makes his Wisdom save! Hooray! She hands a healing potion to Splendid and to Jane.
### 
### Kyrial shoots the GS that looks the most damaged for 20hp, then hides again.
### 
### Bree uses Ice Knife on the GS grappling me for 13hp.
### 
### Jane chugs the healing potion from Vivian for 10hp. Vivian dismisses the Wall of Fire. BB is on fire. Jane brandishes the Index of Septimus "Dwarven lieutenants of old, this man descerates your resting place and seeks to resurrect your enemy of old. Destroy him!" and a bolt of light shoots from the staff to the wights. They close in on BB, who is on fire, and more emerge from the shadows. The crystal in the center glows a bright, bright red, and as that expands out, the portal that was opening collapses. The GSes crumble to dust.
### 
### The wights rip his soul to shreds, and his body dies. 
### 
### Spendid apologizes to Bree.
### 
### Our allies are assembled outside, including Belle's mother. Valkyries of the Deep, Druids, Musketeers, etc.
### They are addressing the surrendered hobgoblins.
### The Margrave greets us each and thanks us. He addresses the surrendered hobgoblins.
### You will go back to your overlords in Umbria and tell them that if they try again they will be not be met with such hospitality.
### 
### Accord includes Delago, Goblins, Druids, Dwarves. Dwarves are very interested in starting up business in the mines again. Offers to pay for the reconstruction of the roads from the port into here. Istria (sp?) will have to be addressed, but not right now.
### Kyrial is being shy about Linnea. Linnea gives her a huge hug (think Gwendolyn Christie large) Linnea tells her everything about working with the goblins and how they've been training with the militia of Fandalino. Linnea's learning Goblin! 
### 
### Linnea and Kyrial FINALLY SMOOCH YAY
### 
### Bree goes to talk to the Grand Druid. "It's been so many years since I've seen this much action!" He laughs. "It reminds me also that I have earned rest from the worries of this world. Laralyn and I have spoken, and she will take my place as Grand Druid, and I will retire." Laralyn thanks Bree for all her help, tells her she was instrumental. Bree admits to an inborn and raised amount of stubbornness. Laralyn says she thinks others should be so strong and stubborn. Laralyn asks if Bree trusts us, and Bree says yes. Laralyn says she's beginning to trust us, too. She asks Bree to be the ambassador. Bree says she'll do her best even though she is not very political. Laralyn says she wouldn't trust a politician.
### 
### Vivian sits on the stairs in the water, trying to see if she can contact any of the water spirits in the area. She asks for assistance for the people of Delago. She hears a far off giggle. "*giggle* The fish will come, and teh birds will come, and all will live. This is all a cycle to us. We know the flow, and it will flow."
### 
### Belle tells her mother of her intent to formally be the Ironmaul Heir now, and her mother says that it's about time, and that she wants her to be the one to supervise the establishment of the mining business. Belle gladly accepted, and they agreed that Ruth wasn't going to die any time soon.
### 
### Splendid has been entrapped by cultists taking his blood from the floor, and was now free.
### 
### Knell is going to adventure some more, but is rather at a loss for what to do. Kyrial and Belle assure her that the doors are always open to her.
### Liesl is there. She sees Knell looking a bit lost, and makes her way over to her. "I'm very glad to see that you made it through all of this." There's that awkwardness with someone that she used to know that she parted not the best with. Still, she knows her well. She offers to introduce Knell to the airship captain. "Seems it would suit a little bird." (Her nickname, heeeeeee). Captain is interested in her joining the crew, and welcomes her.
### 
### That's it, that's the end, my friends. This is Belledora Ironmaul, dwarven battle bard, Ironmaul Heir, and party archivist, signing off for the final time this campaign. Be well, and may your hammers always strike true!