## 12/17/2022
## 
### It is once again time for Fistful of Mithril! I'm Belledora Ironmaul, Dwarven Battlebard, Ironmaul Heir, and Party Archivist! Will we prevail against the clockwork abomination? Only time will tell!
### 
### Bree transforms into a lovely big brown cave bear, and her two bear summons bite and claw the clockwork abomination, doing more solid damage.
### 
### Kyrial does a sneak attack's worth of excellent damage to the clockwork abomination, temporarily disabling one of its limbs.
### 
### The false guard on top of the tower casts a spell at Kyrial and Vivian, dealing some cold damage, but not as much as he thinks it should be. An area of magical darkness appears, and we hear screams from the guards trapped inside.
### 
### Bree gets attacked by the clockwork abomination.
### 
### Belle runs along the roof until she's just in range, casting Shatter and taking out the two assassins that shot Splendid, and gives Bardic Inspiration to Vivian.
### 
### Vivian casts some epic cold magic, causing the clockwork abomination to have disadvantage, also attacking with her spiritual weapon.
### 
### Splendid remains unconscious, as his player was not able to attend today.
### 
### (The archivist was distracted and missed a couple of moves, but the Clockwork Abomination regains hitpoints from one of the Metal Minions, burning it out)
### 
### Jean and Alandra go to defend!
### 
### Knell tries to hit the clockwork abomination and misses.
### 
### Bree and her bears do some good damage and Bree regains some HP.
### 
### (Archivist missed some actions)
### 
### Clockwork abomination summons more minions, and slashes at Knell, who dodges some of the damage.
### 
### The not-guard jumps down Jedi-style from the tower, and lots of folks target him and do him such serious damage.
### 
### This combat has been A Lot.
### 
### Vivian splits open the ribcage of the clockwork abomination.
### 
### Knell finishes the clockwork abomination! Bree POOFS back into her normal form.
### 
### Vivian drops the wall of fire spell and the not-guard is gone. Darn it!
### 
### Bree dismisses her bears.
### 
### We rally to help hurt folks, and organize the chaos. 
### 
### Jean, Alandra, and Hawthorne speak with Kyrial and Vivian to find out what they know. 
### 
### The not-guard was a half-orc, which is very unusal to see in these parts, but in a "huh, unusual!" way, not a "omg kill him" way.
### 
### Vivian grabs the poison crossbow for Splendid that not-guard left behind. Jean says he's never seen the like. 
### 
### Kyrial introduces Belle as the Ironmaul Heir to Jean and Alandra, and Alandra clearly knows what's going on. Alandra and Hawthorne clearly have a stronger connection.
### 
### Alandra interrupts and asks if the basilisk had a name. We did not know its name, but it was called the Grindstone. It was a Greater Basilisk. 
### 
### We also tell them of the plaque on the mithril dragon statue, which reads in draconic via dwarvish runes:
#### Thyrus the Grey, bane of the Golden Legions, great avatar of the Scaled Tyrant, he who sleeps beneath, to be awoken again. The Temples of the Valley chant your praises for all eternity.
### 
### That night, Belle gets a Sending message from her mother's chief war wizard Yakob Irontree "Belledora, your mother and the group of the Valkyries of the Deep are on their way to Delago to meet you. Please prepare for our arrival." 20-30 people, Belle knows.
### 
### Belle responds "Thank you, anything specific I should know? How is she? It's been very eventful here, will fill you in as possible later. 
### 
### (Paraphrase) "Your mother's health continues to dcline, but not swiftly. We come as a diplomatic mission. we have spoken with Shanreea and are aware of much of the current situation."
### 
### Belle: "My thanks, I will prepare my allies and the space for their arrival. Strength of mountains be with you. Aim for the Mead & Mithril, they will take very good care of you".
### 
### Splendid was taken to the Twilight Rose to get the poisoning attended too.
### 
### Belle and Gordon go to let Bea and Mel know of Belle's mother's impending arrival, and Mel is starstruck, while Bea is ON IT. :D
### 
### And that's a wrap for today! This is Belledora Ironmaul, Dwarven Battle Bard, Ironmaul Heir, and Party Archivist, signing off until next time!




